README.md, before:

forgottenserver [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/otland/forgottenserver.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/otland/forgottenserver "Travis CI status") [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/599x38f3a0luessl?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/otland/forgottenserver "Download builds for Windows") [![Docker status](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/otland/forgottenserver.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/otland/forgottenserver "Docker image status")
===============

The Forgotten Server is a free and open-source MMORPG server emulator written in C++. It is a fork of the [OpenTibia Server](https://github.com/opentibia/server) project. To connect to the server, you can use [OTClient](https://github.com/edubart/otclient) or [OpenTibiaUnity](https://github.com/slavidodo/OpenTibia-Unity).

### Getting Started

* [Compiling](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver/wiki/Compiling), alternatively download [AppVeyor builds for Windows](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/otland/forgottenserver)
* [Scripting Reference](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver/wiki/Script-Interface)

### Support

If you need help, please visit the [support forum on OTLand](https://otland.net/forums/support.16/). Our issue tracker is not a support forum, and using it as one will result in your issue being closed. If you were unable to get assistance in the support forum, you should consider [becoming a premium user on OTLand](https://otland.net/account/upgrades) which grants you access to the premium support forum and supports OTLand financially.

### Issues

We use the [issue tracker on GitHub](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver/issues). Keep in mind that everyone who is watching the repository gets notified by e-mail when there is activity, so be thoughtful and avoid writing comments that aren't meaningful for an issue (e.g. "+1"). If you'd like for an issue to be fixed faster, you should either fix it yourself and submit a pull request, or place a bounty on the issue.

Commit message:

OTClientV8 detection, extended opcodes, json lib, bigger packet size and bug fixes for xtea padding and stacked creatures

README.md, after:

forgottenserver with [OTClientV8](https://github.com/OTCv8/otclientv8) features
===

### Forum: https://otland.net/forums/otclient.494/
### Discord: https://discord.gg/t4ntS5p

### Commits
1. Fork of https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver from 01.04.2020
2. OTClientV8 detection, extended opcodes, json lib, bigger packet size and bug fixes for xtea padding and stacked creatures
You must enable GameExtendedOpcode in modules/game_features/features.lua

---

### Getting Started

* [Compiling](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver/wiki/Compiling), alternatively download [AppVeyor builds for Windows](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/otland/forgottenserver)
* [Scripting Reference](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver/wiki/Script-Interface)

### Support

If you need help, please visit the [support forum on OTLand](https://otland.net/forums/support.16/). Our issue tracker is not a support forum, and using it as one will result in your issue being closed. If you were unable to get assistance in the support forum, you should consider [becoming a premium user on OTLand](https://otland.net/account/upgrades) which grants you access to the premium support forum and supports OTLand financially.

### Issues

We use the [issue tracker on GitHub](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver/issues). Keep in mind that everyone who is watching the repository gets notified by e-mail when there is activity, so be thoughtful and avoid writing comments that aren't meaningful for an issue (e.g. "+1"). If you'd like for an issue to be fixed faster, you should either fix it yourself and submit a pull request, or place a bounty on the issue.
